hey guys welcome to my channel today I'm
going to show you exactly how I set up
my columns in facebook ads manager so
you can be sure to track all the right
conversions and data so that you can
keep your facebook ads on track so first
you're gonna open up into ads manager
you're gonna click columns and then
customize columns and then this window
is gonna pop up for you on the left you
can see the different categories that
you can choose from like engagement
conversions or even settings which
includes things like names and ID's of
campaigns Adsense and ads but in the
middle this is where you're gonna make
your selection of columns and on the
right you're gonna be able to arrange
your column so that it can be in any
order that you want and when you go back
to that Center you're gonna see that you
already have a number of things that are
already checked off for you and let's go
ahead and fine-tune that now we're gonna
keep all the things that are already
checked off in performance but we're
also gonna add frequency and then we're
gonna keep ad relevance Diagnostics but
I do consider this one as optional under
costs we're gonna keep the cost for
result but we're also gonna add in the
CPM we're gonna leave all the things on
your page post unchecked same for cost
paging post and messaging and cost
messaging in for media I actually like
to check off video plays at 50 percent
so I can get a better idea of how much
of my videos people are actually
watching under clicks we're gonna leave
link clicks and then we're gonna add
link click through rate and under cost
clicks we're gonna also add in CPC for
link clicks now just a note about link
clicks versus all we like to track the
link clicks because those are the number
of people that are actually clicking on
the link that goes to your website or
landing page when you use all clicks or
all CPC you're also tracking the amount
of people who just clicked on different
places on your ad maybe went back to
your Instagram or Facebook profile or
just clicked on your picture so by
tracking link click so we're getting a
much better idea of how many people are
actually clicking through onto the
website under conversions metrics to
include we're gonna add in a few things
here number one being the total Add to
Cart so that I can see the rate of Add
to Cart versus purchases we're also
gonna add in landing page views and
that's really important so that we can
look at the discrepancy between link
links and landing page views to see if
people are actually landing on the
website when they intend to if they
aren't then that might be a sign that
your website is actually loading too
slow particularly on mobile another
thing we're gonna add is total number of
leaves as well
cost per lead we're gonna keep the row
as and for purchases total and value are
gonna stay but we're also gonna add cost
so that we can know what the cost per
purchase is next under object names and
ID's we're gonna uncheck add set name
under status and gates we're gonna
uncheck ends and it's only good really
for lifetime budgets which I don't tend
to use and if you're wondering why go
ahead and click in the video below to
find out on your goal budget and
schedule we're gonna be keeping bid
strategy and budget but we're gonna
uncheck schedule everything else is good
and I am gonna keep the last significant
at edit because I tend to like to push
that to the very end of my columns now
I'm gonna spend some time rearranging
these and like taking out the extra
things like on Facebook leaves and on
Facebook purchases but I'll show you an
end result in just a second
so this is the end result and I know
it's a lot of data but for my job I'm
gonna be looking at most of this every
single day you know of course we want to
keep the name we want to keep the
delivery to make sure that there's no
problems with delivery and then budget
amount spent results and cost for us all
always want to keep those at the front
because you want to make sure that
Facebook is actually spending the right
amount that it's supposed to be after
that we're gonna be looking at Rho as
website purchases cost per purchase
which is often gonna be the same thing
as your results in your cost per result
but you might be optimizing for
something like add to cart or initiate
checkout if you're still trying to get
those initial conversions we're gonna
have add to carts and the reason why we
want to keep add to cards is because
ultimately we want to see the rate at
which those people end up making a
purchase and the ones who don't another
thing we want a creep of close eye on is
frequency particularly for those
retargeting campaigns so that we don't
have too much of a budget going to them
because if we see those getting really
high like above a 5 then we'll know to
reduce the budget on those and then we
also have things like reach and
impressions link clicks and landing page
views and I know there's always gonna be
a little bit of a discrepancy between
link links and landing page views but if
you start to notice like something like
only half of all of your link clicks
actually make it to the landing page
then that signifies a really big problem
and it's something you're gonna want to
look into and here we have your link
click-through rates this is really just
measuring the health of your ads and
making sure that they're interesting
enough that people want to click through
to them we have your CPC and your CPM
and then the number of leads no I also
like to track metrics in my leads even
if I'm not specifically doing a lead
generation campaign just because I like
to see the number of people that sign up
for newsletters and what that looks like
in comparison to add to cards as well as
purchases and then again I have my video
plays at 50% just because I want to know
what amount of people are actually
watching the videos and then the last
four I do just want to keep track of
that bid strategy
and then there are the three quality
rankings and West's significant edit
which I really like including in
campaigns or there's multiple people
working in that account and that's it
that's exactly how I set up my columns
and Facebook Ads manager leave a comment
below let me know how different are
similar your guyses is because I found
that there's a pretty big discrepancy
between almost everybody and what
data they're tracking and how they
arrange it but that's all I have really
okay thanks guys bye